Thealphadollar patch 1 (#706)
CCExtractor/sample-platform: install/installation.md

- Install gcsfuse using [official documentation](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/gcsfuse/blob/master/docs/installing.md) or using the following script 
    ```
    curl -L -O https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/gcsfuse/releases/download/v0.39.2/gcsfuse_0.39.2_amd64.deb
    sudo dpkg --install gcsfuse_0.39.2_amd64.deb
    rm gcsfuse_0.39.2_amd64.deb
    ```
- Now, there are multiple ways to mount the bucket, official documentation [here](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/gcsfuse/blob/master/docs/mounting.md). 

    For Ubuntu and derivatives, assuming `/repository` to be the location of samples to be configured, an entry can be added to `/etc/fstab` file, replace _GCS_BUCKET_NAME_ with the name of the bucket created for the platform:
    ```
    echo "GCS_BUCKET_NAME   /repository 	gcsfuse rw,uid=33,gid=33,noatime,async,_netdev,noexec,user,implicit_dirs,allow_other	0 0" | sudo tee -a /etc/fstab
    ```

- Now run the following command as root to mount the bucket:
    ```
    sudo mkdir /repository
    sudo mount /repository
    ```

> You may check if the mount was successful and the bucket is accessible by running `ls \repository` command.

Author: ```suggestion
You may check if the mount was successful and if the bucket is accessible by running `ls /repository` command.
```

    3. Next check for platform status by `service platform status` command, if it is not `active(running)` then check for platform logs in the `logs` directory of your project.
    4. In case of any gunicorn error try manually running `/etc/init.d/platform start` command and recheck the platform status.

> ### Setting Up The Bucket
> After the completion of automated installation of the platform, the following folder structure is created in the 'SAMPLE_REPOSITORY' set during install:
> - `LogFiles/` - Directory containing log files of the tests completed
> - `QueuedFiles/` - Directory containing files related queued samples
> - `README` - A readme file related to SSL cetificates required by platform
> - `TempFiles/` - Directory containing temporary files
> - `TestData/` - Directory containing files required for starting a test - runCI files, variables file, tester
> - `TestFiles/` - Directory containing regression test samples
> - `TestResults/` - Direction containing regression test results
> - `vm_data/` - Directory containing test-specific subfolders, each folder containing files required for testing to be passed to the VM instance, test files and CCExtractor build artifact.
> 
> Now for tests to run, we need to download the [CCExtractor testsuite](https://github.com/CCExtractor/ccx_testsuite) release file, extract and put it in `TestData/ci-linux` and `TestData/ci-windows` folders.

Author: ```suggestion
### Setting Up The Bucket
After the completion of the automated installation of the platform, the following folder structure is created in the 'SAMPLE_REPOSITORY' set during installation:
- `LogFiles/` - Directory containing log files of the tests completed
- `QueuedFiles/` - Directory containing files related to queued samples
- `README` - A readme file related to SSL certificates required by the platform
- `TempFiles/` - Directory containing temporary files
- `TestData/` - Directory containing files required for starting a test - runCI files, variables file, tester
- `TestFiles/` - Directory containing regression test samples
- `TestResults/` - Direction containing regression test results
- `vm_data/` - Directory containing test-specific subfolders, each folder containing files required for testing to be passed to the VM instance, test files and CCExtractor build artefact.

Now for tests to run, we need to download the [CCExtractor testsuite](https://github.com/CCExtractor/ccx_testsuite) release file, extract and put it in `TestData/ci-linux` and `TestData/ci-windows` folders.
```
